README.md, before:

### Hi, I'm MLaidler 👋 😄

 ⚡  Cyber Security enthusiast & developer
 > entusiasta de cibersegurança, desenvolvedor iniciante e eterno aprendiz
 
[![Blog](https://img.shields.io/website?label=github+pages&style=for-the-badge&url=https://matheuslaidler.github.io/)](https://matheuslaidler.github.io/)
[![Youtube](https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube-FF0000?style=for-the-badge&logo=youtube&logoColor=white)](https://youtube.com/@matheuslaidler)
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/matheuslaidler)
[![Linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-%230077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/laidlervidal)
  
<div align="left">
  <a href="https://github.com/matheuslaidler">
  <img height="160em" src="https://github-readme-stats-sigma-five.vercel.app/api?username=matheuslaidler&show_icons=true&theme=blue-green&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&hide_border=true"/>
  <img height="160em" src="https://github-readme-stats-sigma-five.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=matheuslaidler&layout=compact&langs_count=8&theme=blue-green&hide_border=true"/>
</div>
<div align="center">
  <img align="left" alt="Linux" height="30" width="40" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/linux/linux-original.svg">
  <img alt="python" height="30" width="40" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg">
  <img alt="c" height="30" width="40" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/c/c-original.svg">
 </div>
 <div align="left">
  <img height="160em" src = "https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com?user=matheuslaidler&theme=blue-green&hide_border=true" >
 </div>
 <div align="center">
 <img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=matheuslaidler&theme=algolia&no-frame=true&row=1&&margin-w=30&no-bg=true">
 </div>

   
## ✨ About me and my Skills 

<div style="display: inline_block">
  <img align="center" alt="hacking" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/<>-hacking-43E3FD?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=black" />
  <img align="center" alt="sh" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/shell_script-28bf94?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=white" />
  <img align="center" alt="python" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=61DAFB" />
  <img align="center" alt="c/c++" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C/C++-2864bf?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white" />
  <img align="center" alt="html5" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white" />
  <img align="center" alt="css" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white" />
  <img align="center" alt="js" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black" />
  <img align="center" alt="unreal" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Unreal-282d38?style=for-the-badge&logo=unrealengine&logoColor=61DAFB" />
  <img align="center" alt="blender" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Blender-303542?style=for-the-badge&logo=blender&logoColor=c8fb61" />
  <img align="center" alt="photoshop" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Photoshop-282d38?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobe&logoColor=61DAFB" />
  <img align="center" alt="vegas" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Vegas_Pro-282A38?style=for-the-badge&logo=sony&logoColor=61DAFB" />
  <img align="center" alt="audacity" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Audacity-282A28?style=for-the-badge&logo=audacity&logoColor=61DAFB" />
  
</div><br/>    
 
  - As a technology enthusiast, I'm particularly passionate about cybersecurity and continuously seek new challenges and opportunities to improve my skills and knowledge. I'm just an ordinary guy who loves cybersecurity and develops my own things. Developing a game, website, or just a functional script is kind of enjoyable, right?!

 ## ✨ My Articles [PROJECT PT-BR](https://matheuslaidler.github.io/)
 
My articles and general publications, like a personal blog where I share the documents I create while studying

Meus artigos e publicações gerais como um blog pessoal em que compartilho os documentos que faço enquanto estudo

  
 > Projeto de divulgação sem fins lucrativos sobre tecnologia e segurança da informação [github pages acima]
 
 > Non-profit technology and information security awareness project [readme / page button above]
 -  [![Blog](https://img.shields.io/website?label=Project+ReadMe&style=for-the-badge&url=https://github.com/matheuslaidler/matheuslaidler.github.io/blob/main/README.md)](https://github.com/matheuslaidler/matheuslaidler.github.io/blob/main/README.md)


 > Rascunhos de documentos para o projeto
 
 > Drafts of documents for the project
 -  [![Blog](https://img.shields.io/website?label=Drafts+Page&style=for-the-badge&url=https://matheuslaidler.gitbook.io/)](https://matheuslaidler.gitbook.io/)


 > Projeto audio-visual com testes práticos
 
 > Audio-visual project with practical tests
 -  [![Blog](https://img.shields.io/website?label=Youtube+Channel&style=for-the-badge&url=https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLPnANif8KhzWzGmHPEn0nKzK5Yk_wYRLi)](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLPnANif8KhzWzGmHPEn0nKzK5Yk_wYRLi)

Commit message:

Revise README for clarity and updated information
Updated personal description and links in README.

README.md, after:

### Hi, I'm MLaidler 👋 😄

 ⚡ Information Security Graduate and Full-Stack Developer 
 > Cyber Security enthusiast
 
[![Blog](https://img.shields.io/website?label=github+pages&style=for-the-badge&url=https://matheuslaidler.github.io/)](https://matheuslaidler.github.io/)
[![Youtube](https://img.shields.io/badge/YouTube-FF0000?style=for-the-badge&logo=youtube&logoColor=white)](https://youtube.com/@matheuslaidler)
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-E4405F?style=for-the-badge&logo=instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/matheuslaidler)
[![Linkedin](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-%230077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/laidlervidal)
  
<div align="left">
  <a href="https://github.com/matheuslaidler">
  <img height="160em" src="https://github-readme-stats-sigma-five.vercel.app/api?username=matheuslaidler&show_icons=true&theme=blue-green&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&hide_border=true"/>
  <img height="160em" src="https://github-readme-stats-sigma-five.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=matheuslaidler&layout=compact&langs_count=8&theme=blue-green&hide_border=true"/>
</div>
<div align="center">
  <img align="left" alt="Linux" height="30" width="40" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/linux/linux-original.svg">
  <img alt="python" height="30" width="40" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-original.svg">
  <img alt="c" height="30" width="40" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/c/c-original.svg">
 </div>
 <div align="left">
  <img height="160em" src = "https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com?user=matheuslaidler&theme=blue-green&hide_border=true" >
 </div>
 <div align="center">
 <img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=matheuslaidler&theme=algolia&no-frame=true&row=1&&margin-w=30&no-bg=true">
 </div>

   
## ✨ About me and my Skills 

<div style="display: inline_block">
  <img align="center" alt="hacking" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/<>-hacking-43E3FD?style=for-the-badge&logoColor=black" />
  <img align="center" alt="sh" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/shell_script-28bf94?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=white" />
  <img align="center" alt="python" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-20232A?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=61DAFB" />
  <img align="center" alt="c/c++" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C/C++-2864bf?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white" />
  <img align="center" alt="html5" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white" />
  <img align="center" alt="css" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white" />
  <img align="center" alt="js" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black" />
  <img align="center" alt="unreal" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Unreal-282d38?style=for-the-badge&logo=unrealengine&logoColor=61DAFB" />
  <img align="center" alt="blender" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Blender-303542?style=for-the-badge&logo=blender&logoColor=c8fb61" />
  <img align="center" alt="photoshop" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Photoshop-282d38?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobe&logoColor=61DAFB" />
  <img align="center" alt="vegas" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Vegas_Pro-282A38?style=for-the-badge&logo=sony&logoColor=61DAFB" />
  <img align="center" alt="audacity" src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Audacity-282A28?style=for-the-badge&logo=audacity&logoColor=61DAFB" />
  
</div><br/>    
 
  - As a technology enthusiast and Full-Stack Developer with a degree in Information Security, I'm particularly passionate about cybersecurity and continuously seek new challenges and opportunities to improve my skills and knowledge. I'm just an ordinary guy who loves cybersecurity and develops my own things. Developing a game, website, or just a functional script is kind of enjoyable, right?!

 ## ✨ My Articles [PT-BR: Acervo de TI](https://matheuslaidler.github.io/)
 
My articles and general publications, like a personal blog where I share the documents I create in my own language while studying
-  [![Blog](https://img.shields.io/website?label=Project+ReadMe&style=for-the-badge&url=https://github.com/matheuslaidler/matheuslaidler.github.io/blob/main/README.md)](https://github.com/matheuslaidler/matheuslaidler.github.io/blob/main/README.md)
  
 Audio-visual project with practical tests
 -  [![Blog](https://img.shields.io/website?label=Youtube+Channel&style=for-the-badge&url=https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLPnANif8KhzWzGmHPEn0nKzK5Yk_wYRLi)](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLPnANif8KhzWzGmHPEn0nKzK5Yk_wYRLi)
